Created on : 11/09/2015
Last Updated on : 11/28/2015 By Sandeep Ravi

This folder contains code of the "RecommendR system". 

Features are built using the topic model generated by LDA algorithms and the post tags. A perceptron is trained using both the features. 

Data :
The data for this project is downloaded from stack exchange data dump.  Usually the stack exchange data dump contains Posts.xml, Tags.xml,Users.xml, Votes.xml, PostHistory.xml, Postlinks.xml, Tags.xml, Users.xml and Votes.xml. We have stored data dump in sqlite database to improve the performance of the program.

Execution :

Create a folder called "data" in the Project544 folder.Once the folder is created, place the entire stack exchange data dump in this folder. 

python stackexchange_importer.py folder_containing_data
This script will transfer the entire data into sqilte database.

python getTestSet.py
This script will divide the data into training and testing data. The script selects 1000 records out of the data for testing and remaining data will be used for training. "forevaluation" column in the Posts table is used to differentiate between training and testing data. "forevaluation" is set to 1 for all the testing posts.

Learning the model using post tags and the topic model:
python classifier_user_prediction.py learn

To Evaluate
python classifire_user_prediction.py evaluate

Once the evaluation is executed successfully, a bar graph displying different bars for a different topic count value is displayed.
